replaced error 404 link to new link (#6941)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: devices/surface/manage-surface-driver-and-firmware-updates.md

For detailed steps, see the following resources:

> - [How to manage Surface driver updates in Configuration Manager](https://support.microsoft.com/help/4098906/manage-surface-driver-updates-in-configuration-manager)

Reviewer: There is only 1 important detail to fix in the original link, the unwanted `.md` ending:
```suggestion
- [How to manage Surface driver updates in Configuration Manager](https://docs.microsoft.com/surface/manage-surface-driver-updates-configuration-manager)
```
